Name: Shashi Shivaraju
email: shonnah@g.clemson.edu
XID : C88650674

Description : 
This program can be used to display and store the images.It uses OpenGL + GLUT
to display the images and OpenIO for image read/write operations.
It can also be used to demonstrate few pixel manipulation results.

The code implements the basic requirements and three extensions.

Usage and Features:

1)Run the executable (Basic Requirement)
	Open a terminal and set the path to the directory with the executable 'imgview'.
	Run the executable as
	a) ./imgview	
		Displays an empty window of a size 600x600 pixels, with a black background.
	b) ./imgview mario.png
		Displays the image 'mario.png' in a window sized to exactly fit the image.

2)Load an image (Basic Requirement)
	Press the key ‘r’ or ‘R’,to enter the filename of the image.
	Display will be updated to show the image file entered.

3)Write an image (Basic Requirement)
	Press the key ‘w’ or ‘W’,to enter the filename of the image to be stored.
	The image being displayed in the window will be stored as an image filename entered.

4)Color Inversion (Extension 1)
	Press the 'i' or I to update the display with the colors of the image inverted.
	Press 'w' or 'W' to store the display as file or 
	Press 'i' or 'I' again to revert back to the original image.

5)Load multiple images (Extension 2)
	a) ./imgview cube.ppm teapot.jpg mario.png
		Load multiple images by specifying multiple filenames at the command line.
		Image cube.ppm will be displayed first.
	b) Press 'r' or 'R' to load additional images one image at a time.

	Use the left and right arrow keys to cycle between the images loaded 
	and display will be updated with the current selected image. 
	Press 'w' or 'W' to store the current display as a file.

6)Monochannel Display(Extension 3)
	Press '1' to display RED channel image.
	Press '2' to display GREEN channel image.
	Press '3' to display BLUE channel image.
	Press 'w' or 'W' to store the current display as a image file with RGBA pixelmap data.
	Press 'o' or 'O' to display the RGBA image.

Notes/Issues:
	1) All the images stored by user using 'w'option will store the image in RGBA format.
		User will not have the option to specify the channel number while writing the displayed image to file.
	2)Maximum images which can be loaded by the executable is set to 20 images.
	  This can be modified by updating the macro MAX_IMAGES_SUPPORTED in the file 'imageview.h' by developer;
	  
	
